## ULE3D Triangle Mesh Rendering
This is the triangle mesh rendering module for the Unified Lua Environment.

## Usage for players
Enable it in the ULE mod menu like any other ULE-based mod.

## Usage for mod makers
Convert an obj file to a Lua file that stores the obj file as a table of lines using obj2lua.py.
Make sure the faces of your model only consist of triangles, any face with more than 3 vertices will
**not** be automatically triangulated by ULE3D.

At the top of your script, include the Lua file created by obj2lua using `ULE_IncludeLua` like this.  
`ULE_IncludeLua(_G, "example.lua")`
  

Define the `ULE_LateInit()` callback in your script and store a reference to ULE3D  
`ule3d = ULE_FindModByULEName("ULE3D")` 

Then use the `CreateModelFromObjLines()` function to get a ULE3D model using the obj data
you included at the top of your file. The actual name of the table generated by obj2lua.py should be
the same as the obj file's filename.  
`model = ule3d.CreateModelFromObjLines(example, true)`

You should probably also nil out the table generated by obj2lua after this, since you won't
be using it anymore.  
`example = nil`

Then you can just call `QueueModelDraw()` with your model as its first argument and a transform as the second to queue the drawing of your model for that frame. Call it every frame for it to draw continuously.  
`QueueModelDraw()` also has a third argument of boolean type that, if true, will stop the model from having its triangles automatically sorted, and a fourth argument
that should be of integer type that will set the render scale for that model, 1 is full size, 2 is half size, 4 is quarter size, etc.


